Master Xu Jingchuan, what do you plan to do?
I'm going to find him.
Master, I don't think this is appropriate
We still haven't figured out his motives
It would be too abrupt to go directly to him like this
I guess there was a problem with the listed company before.
It must be his fault too.
Please give me some time.
We'll find out.
Okay, go to the waiter's house first
The young master ran away
Do you remember that waiter?
Yeah. Why?
Did you tell Seo Jingchuan?
I don't have it.
Then why does he know it's not?
What does this have to do with Xu Jingchuan?
You still pretend to be the future Song Zeyue
What's wrong with you?
I haven't seen him in a while
If I lie to you
My brother will not recover
What the hell is going on?
Say it now
Surveillance found out
It's Xu Jingchuan
Xu Jingchuan isn't that why?
Aren't you two good brothers?